Feature/3091  allow redis backend storage for session without reissue time (#3161)
tracim/tracim: README.md

:warning: Using tracim without pushpin will mean no live message leading to unrefreshed frontend information.

### Upkeep

If you use default "file" storage for session, new session file will be created but not removed, which mean lot of unneeded file.
To mitigate this, you could remove file older than 10 day with :

    find . -type f -mtime +10 -print -exec rm {} \;

You should use this command in both session data and session lock dirs.

Another way to solve this issue is to set session to use another backend(we do support all beaker backend),

> see [session](/backend/doc/setting.md) documentation for more information.

Reviewer: For me, its better to indicate that its necessary to match day value by lifetime token. (and set value to default value of lifetime token. Example: if lifetime is 7days, day value can be 8 days).

Author: changed to 8 days.

Reviewer: thanks

:warning: Using tracim without pushpin will mean no live message leading to unrefreshed frontend information.

> ### Upkeep

Author: https://www.linguee.fr/anglais-francais/traduction/upkeep.html

As we do need to remove session periodically if we do use file storage for session

> If you use default "file" storage for session, new session file will be created but not removed, which mean lot of unneeded file.
> To mitigate this, you could remove file older than 10 day with :
> 
>     find . -type f -mtime +10 -print -exec rm {} \;
> 
> You should use this command in both session data and session lock dirs.
> 
> Another way to solve this issue is to set session to use another backend(we do support all beaker backend).
> We suggest to use redis backend, which will not created file to disk:
> 
>     session.type = ext:redis
>     session.url = redis://localhost:6379/0
> 
> read [beaker documentation](https://beaker.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration.html) for more information about sessions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use the default "file" storage for sessions, new session files will be created but not removed, which leads to a lot of unneeded files.
To mitigate this, you may remove files older than 10 days with:

    find . -type f -mtime +10 -print -exec rm {} \;

You should use this command in both the session data and the session lock directories.

Another way to solve this issue is to use another storage backend (we do support any of the Beaker backend).
We suggest to use the redis backend, which will not create any file on the disk:

    session.type = ext:redis
    session.url = redis://localhost:6379/0

See the [Beaker documentation](https://beaker.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration.html) for more information about sessions.
```
